Add the `ggmice` package to the `mice` entry in the list of software? (#7)
UtrechtUniversity/awesome-utrecht-university: README.md

- [asreview](https://github.com/asreview/asreview) - Active learning for systematic reviews
- [bain](https://github.com/cjvanlissa/bain) - Bayes Factors for Informative Hypotheses

> - [mice](https://github.com/amices/mice) - Multivariate Imputation by Chained Equations (+ [ggmice](https://github.com/amices/ggmice) for visualizations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [mice](https://github.com/amices/mice) - Multivariate Imputation by Chained Equations 
   * [ggmice](https://github.com/amices/ggmice) - Visualize incomplete and imputed data with the R package `ggmice`
```

Reviewer: @kequach agree?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that allows for further extensions to be added.
